Public documentation update (#1703)
microsoft/CCF: doc/developers/run_app.rst

Running CCF Applications
========================

.. note:: For a quick and easy way to run a CCF application locally, try :ref:`starting a test network <quickstart/test_network:Starting a Test Network>`, specifying the desired enclave image.

Debugging
---------

> To connect a debugger to a CCF node, the configuration passed to `oesign sign` must have debugging enabled  (``Debug=1``). This should be disabled for production enclaves, to ensure confidentiality is maintained. If using the ``sign_app_library`` function defined in ``ccf_app.cmake``, 2 variants will be produced for each enclave. ``name.enclave.so.debuggable`` will have debugging enabled (meaning a debugger may be attached - the optimisation level is handled indepdently), while ``name.enclave.so.signed`` produces a final debugging-disabled enclave. The produced binaries are otherwise identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect a debugger to a CCF node, the configuration passed to `oesign sign` must have debugging enabled  (``Debug=1``). This must be disabled for production enclaves, to ensure confidentiality is maintained. If using the ``sign_app_library`` function defined in ``ccf_app.cmake``, two variants will be produced for each enclave. ``name.enclave.so.debuggable`` will have debugging enabled (meaning a debugger may be attached - the optimisation level is handled independently), while ``name.enclave.so.signed`` produces a final debugging-disabled enclave. The produced binaries are otherwise identical.
```
